---
title: "August 30, 2022"
category: field
---

I decided to go for a hike today at Edwin Warner park this afternoon. I followed the [Nature Loop trail with some variations, including stopping by the nature center.](https://www.gaiagps.com/map/?loc=11.5/-87.0135/36.0736&pubLink=g96GBuY4G1BMVducoh89Ynpy&trackId=6b332eeaf76b9b3f8d7091d499d6eb7d)

Around 18:50, I was crossing the bridge by where the spring waterfall usually is -- although it was dried up today -- and I was seeing sporadic movement and hearing sounds as if it was beginning to rain. Like leaves bouncing and things hitting the wood of the bridge from the sky. I finally saw what was falling and it was a light colored, solid object. I figured it was some kind of nut scraps from some squirrel above. After staring straight up for some time, I finally saw the bushy tail of a squirrel very high up in the tree. 

Probably around 19:00 I had already wandered off to the Amphitheater, which I ran into a spider web on the way, and then wandered off further down a slight wet path. There, I was startled by a snake that looked... dead but wasn't dead. I got a good look and turned around. I knew I had wandered far enough. 

But I wanted a photo. 

So I went back, and there was no snake 🐍.

At 19:10, I visited the Nature Center to look at the bird feeders and saw a lot of humming birds. Very hard to get a photo.

At 19:15, on the way out, I ran into a couple of cardinals. One red one flew in front of me while another was singing in the tree. I used the Merlin app to figure out what it was, and it was a brown cardinal, meaning a female. 

At 19:20, as I approached the exit, some Brown-eyed Susans where growing and I decided to snap with the seek app. 

---
_Weather_
80ºF
