---
title: "How I'm Recovering Privacy and Security Online"
categories: [blog]
---
Over the past 4 years, I've been researching and learning how to exist in today's internet driven world but also maintain my sanity, privacy, and security. My hope is that someone young and new to the internet will read this and correct mistakes quickly. But, anyone will benefit from these tips. 

### Email
You need *at least* two email accounts. One for banking, and the other for everything else. Why? Corporations are bad at protecting your data. There's a high liklihood your email will be leaked. Your email is kinda central to everything because it can be used to reset passwords. So you want one email that is used with your banks and your banks alone. Don't give it to anyone else. 

To further improve on this, you should use an email masking service that generates a unique email address that will forward to your real email. Ideally, you never give out your real email. Apple has one called "hide my email". Proton also offers one called SimpleLogin. This gives you two benefits: 

1. You don't leak your real email, and because the alias is only used once, you don't have to worry about other acccounts.
2. If your email alias gets leaked, you can easily find out exactly who leaked your email. 


### Passwords
Use a password manager with auto generated passwords and two factor authentication. This is probably the most important tip. They integrate well with browsers and phones. There's really no excuse not to do this. Apple has Keychain for this. 1Password and Proton also have good offerings. Plenty of others as well that are open source too. 

It sucks to update all your accounts with a new password but once its done, you are much more secure and its actually easier to login. I promise you this is worth all the time and effort. Then, when you make new accounts just have the extension auto fill in a randomly generated password and you're set. Don't forget to use an email alias from the tip above too.

### Phone Number
This is a new one for me. Its a pain to change your phone number. Be very careful who you give it out to. What you should do, is at least setup a Google Voice number for free and use that things like restaurant receipts, online ordering, and other non-personal communication. You can go further with setting up other services that give your multiple burner phone numbers, but Google Voice is probably the easiest. Yes Google. We're not worried about privacy in terms of content in this step, but more about safe guarding our phone number. If you are worried about privacy, get a second SIM or a burner phone. But, phone companies aren't great at privacy either...


### Social Media
Not even once. If you have never setup social media, I am jealous of you. If you have, its best to get off of there. 


